feat(koa): echo header in response (#41)
puzpuzpuz/cls-rtracer: README.md

// app.use(rTracer.koaMiddleware({
//   useHeader: true,
//   headerName: 'X-Your-Request-Header'

> // Use this to inject the id in the response too

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Use this to inject the id into the response as the `headerName` header
```
